DOCS-#2971: Document `modin.distributed.dataframe.pandas` (#3019)
modin-project/modin: docs/developer/partition_api.rst

Partition API in Modin
======================

> When you are working with a Modin DataFrame, you can unwrap its remote partitions

Reviewer: I prefer to revert this change. DataFrame is camel case  because of "data frame". I prefer "dataframe".

Author: Okay, I do not mind. Probably, we will need to fix `DataFrame` -> `dataframe` in many places with one commit after we complete documentation changes :)

Reviewer 2: Created https://github.com/modin-project/modin/issues/3070 to track.

For finer grained placement control, Modin also provides an API to get the IP addresses of the nodes that hold each partition.
You can pass the partitions having needed IPs to your function. It can help with minimazing of data movement between nodes.

Partition API implementations
-----------------------------

> Currently, a Modin DataFrame stores underlying partitions as pandas DataFrame(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, a Modin Dataframe stores underlying partitions as ``pandas.DataFrame`` objects.
```

> You can find conforming API implementation in :doc:`Pandas Partition API </flow/modin/distributed/dataframe/pandas>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the specific implementation of Modin's Partition Interface in :doc:`Pandas Partition API </flow/modin/distributed/dataframe/pandas>`.
```
